Mr. Wang is fine.
Come on.
I can't even talk to you.
Just hate me like an ex-girlfriend
It'll damage your eyes, understand?
Even though I don't know you today
I hate him.
But sooner or later you won't love them.
The smile is 105 degrees.
You are asking deliberately.
We can't, I know where you are.
You, you really fooled me
That's not a good person to say.
Who cheated you?
I'm a yellow flower girl, why do you take advantage of me?
Obviously you crashed into it yourself.
Want some face?
How much did you give me for deleting the photo?
There's a lot of this in my house.
Delete it for me.
Don't make me turn around.
Then you turn it over.
When I turn it over, I'll send a friend circle.
If you dare to flip, I'll show you.
A casserole-sized fist hitting your lovely face will hurt for a long time.
So I'll see where you call 100.